`. I summarize the text as follows:

1. Medicare covers Intravenous Immune Globulin (IVIG) for individuals with a diagnosis of primary immune deficiency disease if their doctor determines it is medically appropriate to receive the IVIG in their home.
2. Part B covers the cost of the IVIG itself, but does not cover additional expenses related to receiving the IVIG at home.
3. If coverage is sought for IVIG given in the home, the prescriber must follow the process described in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) medical nutrition therapy (MNT) policy.
4. IVIG must be administered by a qualified provider who has been trained by a physician in the proper administration of the medication.
5. The individual seeking coverage must have a valid prescription from a physician for the medication.
6. The individual must meet the medical necessity criteria for receiving the medication, as determined by their physician.
7. The individual must have a functional interdependence problem that requires the assistance of another person for the medication regimen to be maintained, as determined by the physician.
8. The individual must not have a condition that precludes them from receiving the medication in a hospital inpatient or skilled nursing facility setting.
9. The individual must be at increased risk of complications from the medication regimen, as determined by the physician.
10. The individual must have a valid and enrolled Part A and Part B Medicare card.
11. The prescriber must have a valid Part B enrollment or participation agreement with Medicare.
12. The provider who will administer the medication must have a current Medicare provider number (NPI) or have been granted an exception to the NPI requirement.
13. The prescriber and provider must ensure that the individual meets all of the requirements for the Medicare medical nutrition therapy (MNT) program.
14. The prescriber and provider must document all of the requirements met in the individual's medical record.
15. The individual must provide the necessary documentation to support their application for coverage.
16. The prescriber and provider must follow all applicable laws, rules, and regulations related to prescribing and administering intravenous immune globulin.

. Decision: If all of the requirements are met, coverage will be provided for Intravenous Immune Globulin (IVIG) administered in the home as part of the Medicare medical nutrition therapy (MNT) program.